The overall purpose of this Dapp is to enable fully automated betting on cryptocurrencies

**Betting.sol**
https://github.com/ethorse/ethorse-core/blob/dev/contracts/Betting.sol

This is the contract which contains the entire code for betting, racing and rewarding as well as refunding.
- When a race is setup using the `setupRace()` method, 6 oraclize queries for 3 coins are placed at various delays. 
- Once the race is setup, users can bet on a coin until the opening prices (first 3 oraclize queries) of the coins are received from oraclize.
- When the closing prices (last 3 oraclize queries) are received, the winner is decided by calculating the percentage gain/loss in prices.
- Once the race ends, the users can claim their winnings (if any) within the next 30 days. 
- 30 days after the race has ended, the remaining unclaimed funds (if any) is restored back into the bank roll.
- When any issues occur, refund is enabled. Users will be able to claim the amount they had bet.
- When issue occurs and refund is enabled, the remaining funds can be recovered only 30 days after the refund was enabled.

**BettingController.sol**
 https://github.com/ethorse/ethorse-core/blob/dev/contracts/BettingController.sol

This is the pivotal smart contract which controls the spawning of race contracts.
- The `initiateRaceSpawning()` function is the triggering method which will start spawning a race contract every time the `__callback()` method is invoked by oraclize. 
- In the event of callback another oraclize query is sent thereby scheduling the spawning of next race. 
- Also, for every race spawned there is a oraclize query with a 30 day delay which automatically recovers the unclaimed funds.
- The kickstarter ether is given to the race contract from the BettingController and the house fee is collected by the BettingController as well.
- There is a kill switch for the BettingController `raceSpawnSwitch()` which can be invoked to pause or resuming the automation of race spawning.
- The `extractFund()` function is used for extracting the profits generated by and races.
- When a race fails to succeed, `enableRefund()` can be used to enable refund for a particular race.
- `spawnRaceManual()` can be used to spawn a race manually, without hindering the automation.
